But who knows what'll get into him?
What if he chooses justice
over his own mom?
So,
stop thinking about it,
have the hostages released…
and when exactly 13 remain,
blow up the bombs.
Ae-ra…
Hello?
Mr. Kim.
Okay. Just a second.
The President wants to talk to you.
I told the First Lady that you'd woken up.
Hello, sir.
Mr. President, this is Eun Chang-su.
Eun, is it true that
your daughter's held in the dorm?
A long time ago,
General Gyebaek
even killed his wife and children
before he went out to war.
Remember that we are also at war.
We're all going to get out alive, right?
I'm relieved that my dad will be able
to make up even a little
for what he did to my friends.
I thought about it,
and it's too dangerous
for you to stay with me until the end.
Soo-ho, I'll stay by your side
until the end.
Blow the dorm up right away.
The election is in six days.
If we all stay here like this,
we'll all die.
"Eliminate Lim Soo-ho."
If you run with the money,
do you think the party will let you be?
They will hunt down every traitor
and kill them mercilessly.
Captain.
At 22:00 sharp,
we will blow up the dorm. Get it ready.
How dare you…
Decide.
Is it our agents
or the hostages?
Soo-ho…
You said we'll meet again.
You said we'll meet again someday
as long as we're alive.
I'm sorry.
You know too that we're never
going to see each other again.
Soo-ho!
BONUS
Thank you.
Is this your first time in Poland?